# CORONAVIRUSPANDEMIC TRACKER
 COVSYSTEM is a Java Desktop Application (JavaFx) for detailed monitoring of the evolution of this COVID-19 pandemic in our country with a general follow-up of its evolution at the world level. Two sections are therefore to be provided in this application:
  1) Tunisia section: The application must provide as much as possible important details of the evolution of the pandemic in Tunisia, such as for example: the total number of cases affected by the disease, number of new cases each day, total number of deaths, number of deaths per day, total number of tests performed, number of tests performed per day, etc. These numbers should also be available for each governorate of the country. The application must also allow a minimal follow-up of hospitals by providing for each hospital, the number of hospitalized cases and the number of beds still available in resuscitation, requests for supplies or missing equipment, calls for equipment, calls for donations, etc.
  2) Other countries of the world section: The application only needs to provide some general information about some countries in the world, such as the total number of cases, number of deaths, etc.

The Coronavirus pandemic monitoring application to be developed must be able to be used by: 
  1) An administrator who manages the update of database data including the management of the governorates of Tunisia. This management includes the addition of governorates as well as the entry and update of data associated with these governorates. The new data from each governorate should be added every day. The management of hospitals in Tunisia. This management includes the addition of hospitals as well as entering and updating the data associated with each hospital. The management of other countries in the world. This management includes the addition of new countries as well as entering and updating the data associated with each country. The new data for each country must also be added every day.
  2) Users (including the administrator) who will consult the available data can also monitor the pandemic in Tunisia. They can consult general information about the country, at a given date (total number of cases affected by the disease, number of new cases at that date, total number of deaths, total number of tests performed, total number of hospitalized cases, etc.). In addition, they are able to consult the same information for a specific governorate, at a specific date and print the consulted data (on a text file). Moreover, all users can monitor the state of hospitals in Tunisia by consulting the general status of hospitals, visualizing the list of hospitals and indicating for each one, the number of hospitalized cases, the number of beds currently available and possibly supply needs, equipment or donations. They are able to print the general state of hospitals (on a text file) and view details of a specific hospital. They can also monitor the pandemic in other countries of the world by consulting the global situation of the countries of the world, at a given date, viewing the list of countries and indicating for each, the total number of cases affected by the disease, the total number of deaths and consult the same situation for a specific country, at a specific date.
  
This application also includes charts showing the evolution of the pandemic over the days, statistics including other data such as the gender of the cases affected (male/female), their age groups, etc.

For more details, see these two PDFs; the first one explain what must the application offers as services and the second one shows the final result: 
[Projet Javav 2020.pdf](https://github.com/Trabelsi-Development/COVSYSTEM/files/8995853/Projet.Javav.2020.pdf)
[Rapport2020-COVSYSTEM (Trabelsi Abir).pdf](https://github.com/Trabelsi-Development/COVSYSTEM/files/8995872/Rapport2020-COVSYSTEM.Trabelsi.Abir.pdf)


P.S.: This application is developed using JAVA 8
